
Purpose:
This is a projectile motion simulation, which
is aimed to be used as an educational tool and
a method to facilitate data collection.

Overview:
The product contains three
simulation functions:

Single Projectile Simulation:
Launches one projectile into the air.

Angle Loop Simulation:
Launches multiple projectiles with the same
attributes and drag coefficient, but at 
differing angles of launch.

Drag Loop Simulation:
Launches multiple projectiles at the same
launch angle, but with different drag
coefficients. The projectiles have vector
arrows representing the x and y
instantaneous velocities.

Logic governing the number of projectiles:
E.g. for the angle loop function
The user enters an initial launch angle,
an angle increment and a maximum launch angle.
A projectile is fired at the initial launch
angle. This angle is incremented by the entered
angle increment and another projectile is fired
at that angle. This cycle loops until the
maximum angle of launch is reached and the
program finishes. The Drag Loop Function
follows a similar process except with values
for the drag coefficients.

Reference Points(part of the Single Projectile
Simulation):
Reference points are a method to show the user
key information about the projectile's motion
at that point in time. The reference points
are numbered 1, 2, 3, etc. each corresponding
to that time in seconds. These numbers also
act as reference to a side label, which appears
at the left of the screen, that shows the
projectile's characteristics, such as
its velocity at that time interval.This feature
is limited to the Single Projectile Simulation.
The color of the reference points can be
altered in the settings page.

The Settings Page:
The settings page allows the user to change
additional projectile attributes, such as mass,
radius and color. It also allows the user to
change the reference point color. These options
were placed in a separate page of each simulation
function to avoid the user having to input them
several times when using the same simulation
function.

User input:

Parameters regarding the projectile's motion:
1.	Launch velocity
2.	Launch height
3.	Launch angle from the horizontal
4.	Projectile Drag coefficient
5.	Projectile mass
6.	Projectile radius
7.	Projectile color
8.	Reference Point color

Parameters regarding the stopping wall:
1.	Wall height
2.	Wall distance from projectile's launch
	location
